README.md, before:

# NewsML-G2 Importer

Imports NewsML-G2 data and makes them accessible from your Wordpress installation.  

Requires at least: 4.1.1  
Tested up to: 4.2.2  
License: GPLv2  

## Official wordpress.org downloadlink
https://wordpress.org/plugins/newsml-g2-importer/  


## Description

This plugin provides an simple and easy way to import NewsML-G2 documents into Wordpress and to publish them as posts inside your blog.   
It imports all .xml documents containing NewsML-G2 data found in a provided folder into the Wordpress database and saves them as newsml_post.   
newsml_post is a custom post type with a few additional metafields which contain the data, that's stored in the NewsML-G2 document.   
You can access the files through HTTP and FTP. If provided, you can use a file called rss.xml. This file needs to have the filenames to import in an <item> element inside an <link> element for each file.     


## Installation

1. Upload the folder 'newsml-g2-importer' to the /wp-content/plugins/ directory.  
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.   
3. On the 'Settings' page enter the URL containing the desired NewsML-G2 files. If you are using FTP, enter your FTP credentials and check the corresponding checkbox.   
4. If desired check the rss.xml checkbox if you want to get your filenames out of a rss.xml file.   
5. Click the "Import Media Topics" button to import all mediatopics from the IPTC server. Warning! This may take a while.      
6. After the mediatopics are imported, click the "Update newsposts" button to import all NewsML-G2 messages found in the denoted folder or the rss.xml file. Warning! This may take a while.         
   This will also register the cron for the automatic updates.    
7. ```php
		apply_filters( 'newsml_include_filter', '' );
	```    
   Paste this snippet into the content.php or single.php file of your theme (preferably before the_content()) where you want the subtitle, author, date, categories, locations and post images to be shown.       
   The name of the file depends on the used theme.   
   Possible/known filenames: content.php, single.php, content-single.php    
8. Set your Permalinks structure through the 'Settings -> Permalinks' menu in Wordpress to 'Post name'. Otherwise your newsml_posts will not be shown.   
 

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Have a question?

Contact me!

## Changelog

### 1.0 
* Initial release


## Upgrade Notice

### 1.0 
* Initial release

Commit message:

1.1.0 - added Innodata parser & recursive crawler for http file access

README.md, after:

# NewsML-G2 Importer

Imports NewsML-G2 data and makes them accessible from your Wordpress installation.  

Requires at least: 4.1.1  
Tested up to: 5.6  
License: GPLv2  

## Official wordpress.org downloadlink
https://wordpress.org/plugins/newsml-g2-importer/  


## Description

This plugin provides an simple and easy way to import NewsML-G2 documents into Wordpress and to publish them as posts inside your blog.   
It imports all .xml documents containing NewsML-G2 data found in a provided folder into the Wordpress database and saves them as newsml_post.   
newsml_post is a custom post type with a few additional metafields which contain the data, that's stored in the NewsML-G2 document.   
You can access the files through HTTP and FTP. If provided, you can use a file called rss.xml. This file needs to have the filenames to import in an <item> element inside an <link> element for each file.     


## Installation

1. Upload the folder 'newsml-g2-importer' to the /wp-content/plugins/ directory.  
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.   
3. On the 'Settings' page enter the URL containing the desired NewsML-G2 files. If you are using FTP, enter your FTP credentials and check the corresponding checkbox.   
4. If desired check the rss.xml checkbox if you want to get your filenames out of a rss.xml file.   
5. Click the "Import Media Topics" button to import all mediatopics from the IPTC server. Warning! This may take a while.      
6. After the mediatopics are imported, click the "Update newsposts" button to import all NewsML-G2 messages found in the denoted folder or the rss.xml file. Warning! This may take a while.         
   This will also register the cron for the automatic updates.    
7. ```php
		apply_filters( 'newsml_include_filter', '' );
	```    
   Paste this snippet into the content.php or single.php file of your theme (preferably before the_content()) where you want the subtitle, author, date, categories, locations and post images to be shown.       
   The name of the file depends on the used theme.   
   Possible/known filenames: content.php, single.php, content-single.php    
8. Set your Permalinks structure through the 'Settings -> Permalinks' menu in Wordpress to 'Post name'. Otherwise your newsml_posts will not be shown.   
 

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Have a question?

Contact me!

## Changelog

### 1.0 
* Initial release

### 1.1.0
* Added Innodata parser
* Recursive check for http access

## Upgrade Notice

### 1.0 
* Initial release
